# Antony NEYRET & Alireza Asnavandi

## Research

We made some research about non-humain but personified mascots and also similar games experiences.

We explored storytelling approaches used in museum history.
Additionally, we researched methods for creating interactive storytelling installations. [_article_](https://stevezafeiriou.com/immersive-storytelling-in-installations/)

- Key elements for a good immersive installation: narrative, technology should serve the narrative, not overshadow it. Multi-Sensory Engagement, lot of agency.

- Environnement, decorations help the narrative.

- Gamification offers new possibilities for cultural heritage information dissemination by stimulating audience curiosity about the unknown and improving the visiting and learning experience. [(Chen, W., Li, T. & Zhang, Y, 2025)](https://doi.org/10.1038/s40494-025-01821-9)

## Concept: The Lost Moustache

A lost moustache goes on a journey through the history of playing cards. It has lost memory and visits stories in the cards realms and it asks for directions. At each step, the visitor encounter a character tied to a card fact and need to complete a puzzle. During the interaction with the character you collect fragements of memory as objects or metaphore. At the end of the experience the mustache goes back to the king of heart and he tells the moustache that it was one printer's fault that him also had lost fragments in the processes.

## Keyword
Lost & Find

## User Journey
TODO


## Novel Combinations
- Journey
- Fragments
- Collect